be able to stroman team
campagnolo congratulations for that title
of the return of youth
so thank you very much hello very
great for cycling world magazine
for having been living very closely
the race also a greeting to me
team storman campagnolo then I feel
very happy to have achieved this title
thank god things were given up
the last day and we were able to get up with the
title of this return to points l
always because the everyday were
very difficult but yesterday was the most
complicated where we always had to
sacrifice
to others than to my other classmates
that were among the ten of the general
but I think the sacrifice was for something
very good team behaved very well
and because thanks to them it is also that
we have this title
in the key to win then the
strategy that we had mounted with the
team the team I think you knew
understand very well and we handle with with
calm and tranquility and grace of
things were given until the last rival
Well, I think Colombia has always had
rivals very strong runners of very
high experience yes it was always
evident that Colombia has very very high
experience but well with very good
strategies and with the help of the teacher
and we had an advantage I think for its
great technical experience traveled as
it seemed
so very nice I think I met
quite from the land of Colombia that does not
had known is the first time that
I have a very big return here
Colombia but quickly where was born
how many years when already in cycling
I am 22 years old and I was born in
province of carchi the canton tulcan
Now I live in a town called
July andrade I have a I have
obviously I have a wife and I have a son
that always accompanies me for five years
what are your competences more
important because the most important competences
important I've been in the return to
Guatemala I have run the Pan American in
mexico and well this one is I think it's the
of more relevance that I have won here in
colombia the technical director the team
he was campaigning for the congratulations
this title with richard face peace many
Thank you
dedicate the triumph to all people
who buy in strongman stores in
Bogota and Antioquia
very happy to lack time
Formesan to the brand campano what we
gives great support still basilio Aristizábal
to all the people who have believed and supported
this type blanket in mallorca to tape
haxa already formesan short to logistics
that gave us happy I think that
we did a great demonstration day by day
we were the most battling team and
in a strategy that we set out to
Riosucio we won the return to youth
but the day before was pretty
complicated for you but in the
last stage could be maintained if I
I think that one moment I was with the
race a bit complicated but
we suffer to defend ourselves well I have a great
team and a great preparation with them
and then that gives us this title I want
thank again
to our master mana sponsors
campagnolo for all the support that we
they provide